bernetes
Prasad Reddy: login
Prasad Reddy: in our kubernetes only
Prasad Reddy: deployment plan or
Prasad Reddy: deployment.
Prasad Reddy: and then just one copy of
Prasad Reddy: postgres
Prasad Reddy: hub.
Prasad Reddy: In the darker Hub you
Prasad Reddy: You find a postgres that has
Prasad Reddy: admin already
Prasad Reddy: That is what you focus on.
Prasad Reddy: right
Prasad Reddy: if you have
Prasad Reddy: you basically
Kotha Yashwanth: so when we are deploying this
Kotha Yashwanth: deployment by
Kotha Yashwanth: do you want us to do through Rancher
Kotha Yashwanth: or what is
Prasad Reddy: Yes, that's correct through Rancher
Prasad Reddy: only.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: You run it through Rancher when you
Prasad Reddy: deploy it will it will only have east
Prasad Reddy: west traffic, right?
Prasad Reddy: but not north south meaning
Prasad Reddy: expose outside.
Prasad Reddy: for that I am
Prasad Reddy: expose it through node Port
Prasad Reddy: meaning for the deployment
Prasad Reddy: You create a service also.
Prasad Reddy: are after deployment
Prasad Reddy: service.
Prasad Reddy: Am I confusing?
Kotha Yashwanth: now it makes sense about
Prasad Reddy: right, so you create the service type
Prasad Reddy: being
Prasad Reddy: whatever the node Port type so it
Prasad Reddy: basically exposes now.
Prasad Reddy: What does it mean once you have the
Prasad Reddy: node Port all
Prasad Reddy: 
Prasad Reddy: through the notebook, isn't it?
Kotha Yashwanth: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: So for you so you you have come to
Prasad Reddy: the host Network rather than being in
Prasad Reddy: the
Prasad Reddy: Upper layer guest Network or the
Prasad Reddy: kubernetes network?
Prasad Reddy: So once you are in
Prasad Reddy: need to be
Prasad Reddy: the
Prasad Reddy: That is where I'm
Prasad Reddy: guacamole
Prasad Reddy: if you access
Prasad Reddy: guacamole, you should be able to do
Prasad Reddy: this.
Prasad Reddy: right
Kotha Yashwanth: Cut it cut it.
Prasad Reddy: So that is what you do.
Kotha Yashwanth: so to clarify
Kotha Yashwanth: Rancher
Kotha Yashwanth: postulous plus PG
Kotha Yashwanth: deployment
Prasad Reddy: deployment
Kotha Yashwanth: notebook implementing notebook
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: followed by access from guacamole
Prasad Reddy: I have given you the full access to
Prasad Reddy: the guacamole, but in the guacamole
Prasad Reddy: we may or may not be
Prasad Reddy: those machines yet that
Prasad Reddy: figure out because I created the
Prasad Reddy: users but I did not create the
Prasad Reddy: machines yet.
Prasad Reddy: Once this is working then we
Prasad Reddy: that we have postgres working.
Prasad Reddy: right
Prasad Reddy: after postgres is working
Prasad Reddy: try to go with
Prasad Reddy: Swagger API creation with another
Prasad Reddy: container
Prasad Reddy: second deploy layer
Prasad Reddy: layer to
Prasad Reddy: Also the Swagger would be
Prasad Reddy: One way or the other you figure out
Prasad Reddy: how to expose that Swagger.
Prasad Reddy: API endpoint through an through
Prasad Reddy: what
Prasad Reddy: notebook again
Prasad Reddy: and see whatever that you
Prasad Reddy: whether it is.
Prasad Reddy: happening in
Prasad Reddy: the
Prasad Reddy: then you know that
Prasad Reddy: successfully connect between
Prasad Reddy: and layer 3.
Prasad Reddy: Braden was
Prasad Reddy: make
Prasad Reddy: He was able to
Prasad Reddy: project.
Prasad Reddy: That was not done before I believe
Prasad Reddy: was all kind of
Prasa