going to be having.
Prasad Reddy: Docker compose is not the same as
Prasad Reddy: kubernetes.
Braden Curtis: Well, I I wasn't like saying to go
Braden Curtis: with Dr. Compose.
Braden Curtis: I was just using it just to see if
Prasad Reddy: Yeah, I I'm 100% with you.
Prasad Reddy: Short of kubernetes that is the right
Prasad Reddy: thing to do.
Prasad Reddy: There is no doubt about it.
Prasad Reddy: But all I'm saying is
Prasad Reddy: tinkering with the
Prasad Reddy: We will get a little bit
Prasad Reddy: comfortable with the process.
Prasad Reddy: That is
Prasad Reddy: Say for example creating the
Prasad Reddy: services and the node port and all
Prasad Reddy: these things.
Prasad Reddy: We are going to become more and more
Prasad Reddy: knowledgeable.
Prasad Reddy: So
Prasad Reddy: we should go and create postgres.
Prasad Reddy: only postgres before
Prasad Reddy: And after that we can create one
Prasad Reddy: database and then one database table
Prasad Reddy: inside one table inside.
Kotha Yashwanth: so if it might be stupid question,
Kotha Yashwanth: baba, but so when we are creating
Kotha Yashwanth: this
Kotha Yashwanth: container containers
Kotha Yashwanth: we are doing in Ubuntu,
Prasad Reddy: Where are you talking about Urban
Prasad Reddy: containers?
Kotha Yashwanth: Like when you are telling we need to
Kotha Yashwanth: create a postgres image.
Kotha Yashwanth: postgres
Prasad Reddy: What's Chris you don't have to create
Prasad Reddy: because this is time.
Kotha Yashwanth: Yeah, yeah, so we will use Docker
Kotha Yashwanth: have image, right?
Prasad Reddy: That is correct.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Kotha Yashwanth: So for one image before when we did
Kotha Yashwanth: we did it in Windows or something,
Kotha Yashwanth: but I just want to have a
Kotha Yashwanth: clarification that when we
Kotha Yashwanth: installing post
Kotha Yashwanth: need to have
Kotha Yashwanth: my
Prasad Reddy: It can be anywhere because the
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: if you remember what we learned about
Prasad Reddy: the kubernetes is
Prasad Reddy: as long as you have a Docker engine.
Prasad Reddy: You could be having
Prasad Reddy: operating system could be
Prasad Reddy: It could be
Prasad Reddy: It could be really
Prasad Reddy: anything.
Prasad Reddy: once you have the docker
Prasad Reddy: are covered.
Prasad Reddy: If you want
Prasad Reddy: system to be Windows,
Prasad Reddy: little bit more challenges.
Prasad Reddy: But the guest operating system
Prasad Reddy: are not specifying most of them.
Prasad Reddy: Because container
Prasad Reddy: operating system, right?
Prasad Reddy: container is based on the
Prasad Reddy: build file in the
Prasad Reddy: What is the first line
Prasad Reddy: Ubuntu or start from album online
Prasad Reddy: or something like that?
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay, correct.
Prasad Reddy: So that means it is taking that type
Prasad Reddy: of information and then building on
Prasad Reddy: top of it.
Prasad Reddy: layers
Prasad Reddy: When it is building.
Prasad Reddy: So then that particular
Prasad Reddy: that
Prasad Reddy: as long as
Prasad Reddy: with a Docker engine it will work.
Prasad Reddy: all that
Prasad Reddy: the docker engine or not.
Prasad Reddy: As long as you have a Docker engine
Prasad Reddy: it will work.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay, sounds good.
Prasad Reddy: right clear, right
Prasad Reddy: yeah, so
Kotha Yashwanth: Yes.
Prasad Reddy: We will have lots of challenges but
Prasad Reddy: we simply will go with.
Prasad Reddy: our ku