d Reddy: design and from the requirements
Prasad Reddy: article.
Prasad Reddy: Did you guys read
Prasad Reddy: Oh, maybe.
Prasad Reddy: I missed out.
Prasad Reddy: If you see that
Prasad Reddy: You say this?
Prasad Reddy: and this one
Prasad Reddy: database design
Prasad Reddy: because you wouldn't need.
Prasad Reddy: understanding how to how
Prasad Reddy: Create the tables
Prasad Reddy: relationships and things like that.
Prasad Reddy: This is very very simple.
Prasad Reddy: because when you go for the databases
Prasad Reddy: maybe you
Prasad Reddy: full course, it's
Prasad Reddy: And then finally when you come
Prasad Reddy: if you don't understand, what is
Prasad Reddy: normalization, what is the
Prasad Reddy: normalization the whole thing is
Prasad Reddy: wasted whereas if you
Prasad Reddy: topics five
Prasad Reddy: are considered to be
Prasad Reddy: Then what will
Prasad Reddy: if you
Prasad Reddy: to you.
Prasad Reddy: anyway
Prasad Reddy: Maybe in that a two-do list.
Prasad Reddy: I should have
Prasad Reddy: you know read about things.
Prasad Reddy: the first two bullet points
Prasad Reddy: naming convention and the
Prasad Reddy: designed from the how to
Prasad Reddy: database from the requirements
Prasad Reddy: two the first two links.
Prasad Reddy: I would say everybody should
Prasad Reddy: through.
Prasad Reddy: This is something that me and
Prasad Reddy: have gone through but that is
Prasad Reddy: something
Prasad Reddy: go through.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: and then
Prasad Reddy: dependency management
Prasad Reddy: on the
Prasad Reddy: Were you able to figure that out?
Braden Curtis: yeah, so
Braden Curtis: there's there's a couple different
Braden Curtis: approaches to do it on Windows.
Braden Curtis: There's a
Prasad Reddy: Essentially in the python
Prasad Reddy: environment.
Prasad Reddy: You have to install this one.
Prasad Reddy: Am I correct?
Braden Curtis: Yeah, so they recommend you install
Braden Curtis: it through Powershell.
Braden Curtis: It's better than using
Prasad Reddy: Oh, I see.
Braden Curtis: installer.
Braden Curtis: And so you can either use
Braden Curtis: High me
Braden Curtis: In one second.
Braden Curtis: So if you saw
Braden Curtis: through the Microsoft store,
Braden Curtis: will want
Braden Curtis: You just use
Braden Curtis: and then after that
Braden Curtis: it'll tell you where
Braden Curtis: poetry executable is stored.
Braden Curtis: So you just need
Braden Curtis: and add it to your
Braden Curtis: variables.
Braden Curtis: And then you should be able to
Braden Curtis: poetic
Braden Curtis: and then it's similar to to get so to
Braden Curtis: start off a new project or
Braden Curtis: environment you type in poetry space
Braden Curtis: knit.
Braden Curtis: Which will create you
Braden Curtis: ml file, which I don't know a whole
Braden Curtis: lot about but
Braden Curtis: file.
Yashwanth Kotha: so this poetry if we use this is only
Yashwanth Kotha: for the
Yashwanth Kotha: by?
Prasad Reddy: okay, so once again
Braden Curtis: For the for python.
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Braden Curtis: I'm not sure if
Yashwanth Kotha: jira
Prasad Reddy: Jira, so in jeera, this is python
Prasad Reddy: poetry.
Prasad Reddy: I created one document just about
Prasad Reddy: document.
Prasad Reddy: Okay?
Prasad Reddy: And then I'm going to create a task.
Prasad Reddy: of
Prasad Reddy: so here
Prasad Reddy: this
Prasad Reddy: this is
Prasad Reddy: task.
Prasad Reddy: I only
Prasad Reddy: it will keep on going to diff