.
Prasad Reddy: You have to think through twice so
Prasad Reddy: that
Prasad Reddy: Address won't happen and anything
Prasad Reddy: that you
Prasad Reddy: error.
Prasad Reddy: It's a foundational error.
Prasad Reddy: It will plague the entire
Prasad Reddy: development for the rest of
Prasad Reddy: of the application life cycle.
Prasad Reddy: If the foundation is done, not
Prasad Reddy: correctly second floor third floor
Prasad Reddy: will continue to
Prasad Reddy: will have cracks.
Prasad Reddy: in a patient ID is yet
Prasad Reddy: your registering the patient patient
Prasad Reddy: one patient
Prasad Reddy: something like that.
Prasad Reddy: This is equal to
Prasad Reddy: in our
Prasad Reddy: application
Prasad Reddy: very first section that
Prasad Reddy: created you.
Prasad Reddy: the one that you created
Prasad Reddy: first name last name address
Prasad Reddy: weight, whatever it may be.
Prasad Reddy: all of those are
Prasad Reddy: information,
Sai Rakesh Kumar Reddy: know
Braden Curtis: So that will belong to the the
Braden Curtis: patient table.
Prasad Reddy: That is correct a patient table and
Prasad Reddy: the patients are the same.
Braden Curtis: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: What you are seeing here, it is equal
Prasad Reddy: to patients table only when you start
Prasad Reddy: analyzing critically multiple
Prasad Reddy: schemas, you will understand this
Prasad Reddy: concept.
Braden Curtis: right, so you wouldn't want so you so
Braden Curtis: um
Braden Curtis: All that information we would we
Braden Curtis: don't want to create a I guess a
Braden Curtis: separate table and then have it
Braden Curtis: attached to it through a foreign key.
Prasad Reddy: I'm lost please answer.
Prasad Reddy: 
Braden Curtis: So like patient's record that table
Braden Curtis: has patient ID so so I it would
Braden Curtis: belong to
Prasad Reddy: patient that they in this diagram for
Prasad Reddy: Simplicity
Prasad Reddy: They have only kept a primary key
Prasad Reddy: foreign key type data rest of the
Prasad Reddy: rest of the columns.
Prasad Reddy: They did not show
Prasad Reddy: Because it will
Prasad Reddy: people to be able to
Braden Curtis: okay.
Prasad Reddy: They are trying to make us to kind of
Prasad Reddy: know grasp with the concept of the
Prasad Reddy: relationships.
Prasad Reddy: There's so many so now.
Prasad Reddy: patients table.
Prasad Reddy: going to be there.
Prasad Reddy: Give me some column names some
Prasad Reddy: things.
Braden Curtis: First name last name?
Braden Curtis: age weight
Prasad Reddy: right
Braden Curtis: A donor yes or no?
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: Okay now come back to the patient
Prasad Reddy: records.
Prasad Reddy: in the
Prasad Reddy: lost foreign key?
Braden Curtis: Updated by staff ID.
Prasad Reddy: So that means it's a doctor or
Prasad Reddy: something like that, right?
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Staph ID.
Prasad Reddy: So now let's imagine.
Prasad Reddy: Updated by our our created by that is
Prasad Reddy: what is a doctor's name.
Prasad Reddy: now
Prasad Reddy: you will have
Prasad Reddy: right?
Prasad Reddy: Just like the way a patients table.
Prasad Reddy: that the staff ID is coming
Prasad Reddy: where is the primary table that the
Prasad Reddy: staff table, right?
Braden Curtis: Yeah staff ID is the primary key.
Prasad Reddy: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: So you can consider that as a staff
Prasad Reddy: as a doctor because staff what
Prasad Reddy: they're using is
Prasad Reddy: It could be staff could b