d Reddy: your VC.
Prasad Reddy: We just scored or something like
Prasad Reddy: that.
Prasad Reddy: So he was able to today.
Prasad Reddy: The progress is he was able to
Prasad Reddy: containerize a layer one.
Prasad Reddy: And layer 3 we know.
Prasad Reddy: layer 2 whether he
Braden Curtis: hey.
Braden Curtis: Just about that.
Braden Curtis: I was able to figure it out.
Braden Curtis: So the back end the controls
Braden Curtis: containers are now working.
Braden Curtis: I just had to add my
Braden Curtis: my computer IP address
Braden Curtis: configuration file so that it would
Braden Curtis: allow that incoming connection.
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Okay that ufw or something you opened
Prasad Reddy: it.
Prasad Reddy: Am I right?
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: Yes from you know this thing when you
Prasad Reddy: have application if it is not
Prasad Reddy: accepting connections.
Prasad Reddy: ufw is a
Prasad Reddy: firewall, I forgot what it was, you
Prasad Reddy: know, like a uncomplicated
Prasad Reddy: or something like that.
Prasad Reddy: Are you you unified
Kotha Yashwanth: Yes.
Prasad Reddy: So he basically you he explicitly
Prasad Reddy: specified here you allow.
Prasad Reddy: That is what he did.
Kotha Yashwanth: That happens a lot with the Mac,
Kotha Yashwanth: bye-bye.
Prasad Reddy: Yep.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so
Prasad Reddy: so that means if he's able to figure
Prasad Reddy: out one way or the other.
Braden Curtis: Yes, I was at the very bottom right
Braden Curtis: here.
Prasad Reddy: That ufw exposing command.
Braden Curtis: So I just opened up the
Braden Curtis: the PG - HPA which stands for?
Braden Curtis: Sec.
Braden Curtis: And that's for host
Braden Curtis: authentication.
Braden Curtis: That's where it stands for.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, okay.
Prasad Reddy: What is it called?
Prasad Reddy: It's UF HCA.
Braden Curtis: So PG underscore HB a DOT
Prasad Reddy: Oh, I see host base authentication
Prasad Reddy: means instead of a user as long as
Prasad Reddy: you're getting connection from a
Prasad Reddy: certain host.
Prasad Reddy: Certain IP address or certain Mac ID.
Prasad Reddy: You're going to allow the
Prasad Reddy: connections.
Prasad Reddy: That's what it is.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Braden Curtis: Hmm.
Braden Curtis: Yeah, I don't know what this one
Braden Curtis: means replication or all so I'll do
Braden Curtis: more research on that.
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: So essentially Braden so you've been
Prasad Reddy: working on since our yesterday's
Prasad Reddy: meeting.
Prasad Reddy: You're basically trying to convert
Prasad Reddy: the three pieces
Prasad Reddy: containers.
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Instead of being on your running on
Prasad Reddy: your local environment.
Prasad Reddy: Your your work has been mostly.
Prasad Reddy: Put this into
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so something else
Prasad Reddy: to know there is
Prasad Reddy: poetry.
Prasad Reddy: Are you guys
Prasad Reddy: 
Prasad Reddy: that maintains
Prasad Reddy: meaning.
Prasad Reddy: Say for example, you want
Prasad Reddy: and
Prasad Reddy: dependency a certain
Prasad Reddy: want this
Prasad Reddy: This would make sure that you stay
Prasad Reddy: within those numbers.
Prasad Reddy: It doesn't go
Prasad Reddy: Okay, like a five different packages
Prasad Reddy: software is whatever the versions
Prasad Reddy: that you specify.
Prasad Reddy: I did not play around because
Prasad Reddy: talking to one of my cousins.
Prasad Reddy: I 