key to connect
Prasad Reddy: Parent relationship,
Prasad Reddy: now
Prasad Reddy: have you guys?
Prasad Reddy: Did it sink into your mind?
Prasad Reddy: normalization and
Prasad Reddy: This is a database concept A lot of
Prasad Reddy: people get
Kotha Yashwanth: I know you explained it to me one
Kotha Yashwanth: time but I
Braden Curtis: Let me talk about like um wait.
Kotha Yashwanth: cannot
Braden Curtis: normalized numbers and what contacts
Braden Curtis: are you talking about this?
Prasad Reddy: database normalization and
Prasad Reddy: denormalization
Braden Curtis: Oh, no, I know.
Prasad Reddy: when you are trying to do a report.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: What do you what are the
Prasad Reddy: generating
Kotha Yashwanth: like collecting
Kotha Yashwanth: it.
Prasad Reddy: No when you're running a report.
Prasad Reddy: on a SQL database
Prasad Reddy: How do you do that?
Braden Curtis: I'm not sure.
Prasad Reddy: British can you open one database
Prasad Reddy: table?
Prasad Reddy: from database schema
Prasad Reddy: answers just create any
Prasad Reddy: schema.
Sai Rakesh Kumar Reddy: And today should I open or?
Prasad Reddy: Anything you need not our table?
Prasad Reddy: Just database database answers.com
Prasad Reddy: close this one.
Prasad Reddy: We don't
Prasad Reddy: Close this is going to create
Prasad Reddy: confusion.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, expand it nicely
Prasad Reddy: No, just bring some patient related
Prasad Reddy: database.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so
Prasad Reddy: Here the okay.
Prasad Reddy: patient ID
Prasad Reddy: Is becoming in
Prasad Reddy: okay?
Sai Rakesh Kumar Reddy: today
Prasad Reddy: In the patient
Prasad Reddy: nothing but a patient notes, okay.
Prasad Reddy: What are the components that
Prasad Reddy: taking?
Prasad Reddy: patient
Prasad Reddy: visit
Prasad Reddy: imagine okay patient Notes One
Prasad Reddy: way in that
Prasad Reddy: visit one is the
Prasad Reddy: followed by patient
Prasad Reddy: When you are putting the patient
Prasad Reddy: okay second.
Prasad Reddy: Now it is referring
Prasad Reddy: referring to the patient table right
Prasad Reddy: on the top primary key.
Prasad Reddy: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Are you able
Prasad Reddy: Here.
Braden Curtis: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: distracted.
Prasad Reddy: You can just stop and then just for
Prasad Reddy: normalization denormalization is a
Prasad Reddy: kind of scary topic for a lot of
Prasad Reddy: people don't understand.
Prasad Reddy: And this is a con.
Prasad Reddy: You know, this is
Prasad Reddy: concept that you should be
Prasad Reddy: to.
Prasad Reddy: why
Prasad Reddy: you're not doing
Prasad Reddy: It's important to understand the
Prasad Reddy: concept.
Prasad Reddy: Here I'm talking about the patient
Prasad Reddy: records and then can you
Prasad Reddy: second column in the patient records?
Braden Curtis: Oh patient ID.
Braden Curtis: That's a foreign key.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so primary key is sitting
Prasad Reddy: where?
Braden Curtis: All right as a patient record ID.
Braden Curtis: Oh, yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Patients database right in patients.
Prasad Reddy: Imagine.
Prasad Reddy: What are the other columns in the
Prasad Reddy: patients?
Braden Curtis: I'm just one.
Sai Rakesh Kumar Reddy: are
Prasad Reddy: else would be there?
Prasad Reddy: They did not write it but is it that
Prasad Reddy: is only thing?
Braden Curtis: I guess that yeah.
Prasad Reddy: this is more like a patient in our
Prasad Reddy: case is a
Prasad Reddy: Registration this is database