ct, correct.
Kotha Yashwanth: correct.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so now we've learned.
Prasad Reddy: 
Prasad Reddy: Tables and the columns and within the
Prasad Reddy: tables we learn primary key foreign
Prasad Reddy: key and indexing
Prasad Reddy: types of the fields and
Prasad Reddy: also something called a null
Prasad Reddy: now.
Prasad Reddy: So now we talked about the tables and
Prasad Reddy: then we talked about
Prasad Reddy: relationships.
Prasad Reddy: we talked about
Prasad Reddy: and triggers.
Prasad Reddy: and we briefly
Prasad Reddy: normalization and
Prasad Reddy: You need to
Prasad Reddy: normalization
Prasad Reddy: Don't break your head too much.
Prasad Reddy: In the normalization
Prasad Reddy: like no first order
Prasad Reddy: First, you know like a second order
Prasad Reddy: normalize normalization third order
Prasad Reddy: normalization.
Prasad Reddy: If you don't even understand if it
Prasad Reddy: doesn't even
Prasad Reddy: normalization, don't break your
Prasad Reddy: about too much.
Prasad Reddy: You just need to know.
Prasad Reddy: What is
Prasad Reddy: is going to be repeated instead of
Prasad Reddy: using
Prasad Reddy: You create in a
Prasad Reddy: that you don't have to repeat
Prasad Reddy: again.
Prasad Reddy: The benefits are saving
Prasad Reddy: preventing the errors.
Prasad Reddy: That is a normalization.
Prasad Reddy: What is deal normalization?
Prasad Reddy: normalization saves all of
Prasad Reddy: benefits, but when you are doing the
Prasad Reddy: analysis, it is a problem.
Prasad Reddy: first you need to denormalize
Prasad Reddy: you're going to create a flat
Prasad Reddy: so
Prasad Reddy: are
Prasad Reddy: Step one you are going to denormalize
Prasad Reddy: my creative
Prasad Reddy: create the flat table you are going
Prasad Reddy: to do the
Prasad Reddy: that stuff.
Prasad Reddy: Are we good on this?
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Okay guys, so tomorrow.
Prasad Reddy: What is our goal?
Braden Curtis: So for me Yash, you want to create?
Braden Curtis: Or create
Braden Curtis: for a PG admin
Braden Curtis: postpressant.
Braden Curtis: Is that correct?
Prasad Reddy: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: So postgres is something that you
Prasad Reddy: guys have to work on.
Prasad Reddy: Followed by you need to work on the
Prasad Reddy: application container like, you know,
Prasad Reddy: like a layer two
Kotha Yashwanth: So do you want us to work directly on
Kotha Yashwanth: Rancher Burberry?
Prasad Reddy: Yes.
Kotha Yashwanth: Braden do you have Rancher
Kotha Yashwanth: credentials?
Braden Curtis: Um, yes do
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: All of you have credentials.
Prasad Reddy: app dot the data.com
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay, okay.
Prasad Reddy: and when it comes to
Prasad Reddy: guacamole guacamole Dot
Prasad Reddy: doinstress.com
Braden Curtis: Okay, so so you want to stick so we
Braden Curtis: first we download the image and then
Braden Curtis: we create the database.
Braden Curtis: What what's the name of the database
Braden Curtis: you want
Braden Curtis: call it
Braden Curtis: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: Because just be you know, like
Prasad Reddy: everybody should be using the same
Prasad Reddy: and there is in my opinion.
Prasad Reddy: Instead of again.
Prasad Reddy: We're not having a
Prasad Reddy: Control and all that stuff, but I
Prasad Reddy: would recommend
Prasad Reddy: specializing.
Prasad Reddy: rather than
Prasad Reddy: by
Prasad Reddy: Like for example,
Prasad Reddy: to do the backend, right?
Kotha Yashwanth