.
Prasad Reddy: Whatever is the final result that
Prasad Reddy: you're asking.
Prasad Reddy: it will do for
Prasad Reddy: record
Prasad Reddy: two step one is joining those two
Prasad Reddy: the three tables staff table
Prasad Reddy: table and patient records table.
Prasad Reddy: for every record
Prasad Reddy: and then
Prasad Reddy: is male or female.
Prasad Reddy: It will count.
Prasad Reddy: And then it will go to the second row
Prasad Reddy: and then
Prasad Reddy: step
Prasad Reddy: like no like a counting.
Prasad Reddy: joining and Counting joining and
Prasad Reddy: counting.
Prasad Reddy: It will do the two steps.
Prasad Reddy: It is a very inefficient way.
Prasad Reddy: It is okay for
Prasad Reddy: you have a half a million records
Prasad Reddy: records you want to do a joint first
Prasad Reddy: all of them table one, two, three you
Prasad Reddy: join them.
Prasad Reddy: And then once the whole process done
Prasad Reddy: then now you go
Prasad Reddy: join the
Prasad Reddy: table now.
Prasad Reddy: I'm going to run
Prasad Reddy: temporary table.
Prasad Reddy: That is a
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so you guys
Prasad Reddy: normalization and denormalization?
Prasad Reddy: do you know
Prasad Reddy: triggers?
Braden Curtis: yeah, short story petite procedures
Braden Curtis: is kind of like creating a
Prasad Reddy: a script scripture
Braden Curtis: it's on PGA admin side.
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Yep.
Prasad Reddy: Yep.
Prasad Reddy: So basically some kind of a script
Prasad Reddy: that you're going to save in the
Prasad Reddy: database itself.
Prasad Reddy: So you do it in the database itself,
Prasad Reddy: right?
Prasad Reddy: What about what about triggers?
Braden Curtis: Correct.
Braden Curtis: I don't know about triggers.
Prasad Reddy: Yashwanth, what is a trigger in a
Prasad Reddy: database?
Kotha Yashwanth: I don't remember Papa.
Prasad Reddy: What is the trigger?
Sai Rakesh Kumar Reddy: volume
Prasad Reddy: Okay trigger as the same name says it
Prasad Reddy: Retreat it gets triggered.
Prasad Reddy: So
Prasad Reddy: for example anything that happens
Prasad Reddy: you can
Prasad Reddy: triggers what it means is
Prasad Reddy: 
Prasad Reddy: anybody.
Prasad Reddy: to delete user for example,
Prasad Reddy: very important deleting a patient is
Prasad Reddy: different from deleting users, right?
Prasad Reddy: So
Prasad Reddy: Anytime somebody deletes.
Prasad Reddy: you basically trigger that means
Prasad Reddy: are going to run a script at that
Prasad Reddy: time
Prasad Reddy: And what do you do?
Prasad Reddy: You're going to create.
Prasad Reddy: Hey, so and so person
Prasad Reddy: So and then
Prasad Reddy: an audit Trail and
Prasad Reddy: notify for other people.
Prasad Reddy: That is a trigger.
Prasad Reddy: So a
Prasad Reddy: anytime.
Prasad Reddy: There is a deletion anytime.
Prasad Reddy: There is a new new
Prasad Reddy: added or any modification
Prasad Reddy: So when you want an audit
Prasad Reddy: Trail is nothing, but you're keeping
Prasad Reddy: record of everything.
Prasad Reddy: How are you keeping record
Prasad Reddy: everything?
Prasad Reddy: anytime there is a
Prasad Reddy: recording it.
Prasad Reddy: That's it.
Prasad Reddy: So that is a trigger.
Prasad Reddy: A trigger is nothing but when
Prasad Reddy: something happens
Prasad Reddy: is basically
Prasad Reddy: including us
Prasad Reddy: procedure.
Prasad Reddy: yashwanthara
Kotha Yashwanth: server
Prasad Reddy: It's equal to your alerts around.
Kotha Yashwanth: Corre