it's pretty
Braden Curtis: straightforward poetry's like poetry
Braden Curtis: is the pie project that tuml.
Braden Curtis: That's a similar to the
Braden Curtis: 
Braden Curtis: Um,
Braden Curtis: similar.
Braden Curtis: But yeah.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yeah, but is that poetry only for
Yashwanth Kotha: python or it's for?
Braden Curtis: I believe so.
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Yashwanth Kotha: Let me see.
Prasad Reddy: One would be we want to add a
Prasad Reddy: picture.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yes, add a picture.
Prasad Reddy: I am of the opinion that a picture
Prasad Reddy: probably should be taken as a
Prasad Reddy: separate field is what I'm thinking.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yes.
Prasad Reddy: we should have before we jump in.
Prasad Reddy: You have taken this input right one
Prasad Reddy: patient.
Yashwanth Kotha: Mm-hmm.
Prasad Reddy: Anytime that you have a input which
Prasad Reddy: is a form.
Prasad Reddy: You should always think about
Prasad Reddy: reports.
Yashwanth Kotha: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: right
Prasad Reddy: So imagine what are the reports that
Prasad Reddy: you would be using in the first page
Prasad Reddy: in the demographic related?
Prasad Reddy: So you created one patient.
Prasad Reddy: That is good.
Prasad Reddy: So what are the things?
Prasad Reddy: be pulling
Prasad Reddy: Think of that way?
Yashwanth Kotha: What kind of data we need to pull it?
Prasad Reddy: Okay again, let me answer you.
Yashwanth Kotha: Is that what you're asking about?
Prasad Reddy: I know the answer.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yeah, I am.
Yashwanth Kotha: Just want to rephrase your question.
Prasad Reddy: any time that you are dealing with
Prasad Reddy: the form form, what does the form do
Prasad Reddy: it?
Prasad Reddy: It fills up the rows in the database
Prasad Reddy: another day.
Prasad Reddy: That is right.
Yashwanth Kotha: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: So that is equal to insert, right?
Prasad Reddy: and so
Prasad Reddy: Insert is what is happening at the
Prasad Reddy: database level by when you are
Prasad Reddy: dealing with
Prasad Reddy: What does a report to do?
Prasad Reddy: retrieval
Prasad Reddy: because
Prasad Reddy: let's
Prasad Reddy: table.
Prasad Reddy: Let us do the PHD on the first table
Prasad Reddy: complete analysis.
Prasad Reddy: On that table, you have the data.
Prasad Reddy: what type of
Prasad Reddy: to have?
Prasad Reddy: select patients
Yashwanth Kotha: Yeah.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Isn't that and then put that into a
Prasad Reddy: table whom that be a table that we
Prasad Reddy: needed one way or another?
Prasad Reddy: right
Prasad Reddy: So and what
Prasad Reddy: be looking into?
Prasad Reddy: so that table
Prasad Reddy: between three villages how many
Prasad Reddy: patients are going to be there?
Prasad Reddy: That is a 20,000 patients.
Prasad Reddy: 10,000 patients.
Prasad Reddy: Do you want to prepare every patient
Yashwanth Kotha: know
Braden Curtis: Oh specific.
Yashwanth Kotha: maybe
Prasad Reddy: Huh?
Prasad Reddy: So you are
Braden Curtis: only relevant information
Prasad Reddy: levels of filters?
Yashwanth Kotha: by Village name or something?
Prasad Reddy: 
Yashwanth Kotha: You your
Yashwanth Kotha: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: good.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so here.
Prasad Reddy: You put later 10 or 12 Fields as
Prasad Reddy: creator.
Prasad Reddy: How does it go
Prasad Reddy: It's just one
Prasad Reddy: day.
Yashwanth Kotha: Correct.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yes.
Prasad Reddy: So when you want to have a form would
Prasad Reddy: you like to have this typ