 reminder what happened to her?
Kotha Yashwanth: Bob I just got a call
Prasad Reddy: I see.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so
Prasad Reddy: we're talking about the normalization
Prasad Reddy: drive.
Prasad Reddy: suppose in the patient record, we
Prasad Reddy: We could write the first name last
Prasad Reddy: name.
Prasad Reddy: date of birth of the patient is
Prasad Reddy: of the patient all the time in the
Prasad Reddy: patient record if we do that
Prasad Reddy: If we do that the patient record will
Prasad Reddy: have additional
Prasad Reddy: and columns.
Kotha Yashwanth: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: and that means your bloating the
Prasad Reddy: patient records suppose that patient
Prasad Reddy: has
Prasad Reddy: hundred visits monthly one visit.
Prasad Reddy: So every time there is a
Prasad Reddy: are entering all of this information
Prasad Reddy: again and again,
Prasad Reddy: Where
Prasad Reddy: that information to
Prasad Reddy: patient table.
Prasad Reddy: What happened?
Kotha Yashwanth: Make sense forever.
Prasad Reddy: right by doing so
Kotha Yashwanth: Mm-hmm.
Prasad Reddy: you say there are two benefits one is
Prasad Reddy: making the patient record stable
Prasad Reddy: smaller.
Prasad Reddy: This is called normalization.
Prasad Reddy: The other thing is
Prasad Reddy: entering this information
Prasad Reddy: For the same
Prasad Reddy: there a possibility that you might
Prasad Reddy: enter
Prasad Reddy: his age being 15 and other time
Prasad Reddy: might enter by mistake as his
Prasad Reddy: right?
Prasad Reddy: You can you can you can have
Prasad Reddy: Integrity problem, right?
Kotha Yashwanth: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: Then you don't know whether it is the
Prasad Reddy: same John Smith or another John
Prasad Reddy: Smith.
Kotha Yashwanth: Yes, same name different date of
Kotha Yashwanth: birth.
Kotha Yashwanth: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: So this data?
Prasad Reddy: Different data worth are you know
Prasad Reddy: like you put the same data button you
Prasad Reddy: calculate the age if you're manual
Prasad Reddy: entering one time you calculate.
Prasad Reddy: And sometimes you don't care what and
Prasad Reddy: you put wrong number.
Prasad Reddy: So you are introducing
Prasad Reddy: right?
Kotha Yashwanth: Correct.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: Saving the space and saving the data
Prasad Reddy: integrity.
Prasad Reddy: So for example imagine you are
Prasad Reddy: entering a social security number for
Prasad Reddy: the patient.
Prasad Reddy: in the patient records every time
Kotha Yashwanth: Mm-hmm.
Prasad Reddy: then you'll end up over a period of
Prasad Reddy: five years.
Prasad Reddy: You'll end up having, you know, like
Prasad Reddy: a three four different Social
Prasad Reddy: Security numbers.
Kotha Yashwanth: Correct.
Kotha Yashwanth: And correct.
Kotha Yashwanth: Mm-hmm.
Prasad Reddy: So that is why to avoid redundancy as
Prasad Reddy: well as to maintain the data quality
Prasad Reddy: you do the normalization.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: And whenever you are when we are
Prasad Reddy: talking about the question.
Prasad Reddy: Daughter Braden Curtis.
Prasad Reddy: We want to know what is
Prasad Reddy: of his patients?
Prasad Reddy: So,
Prasad Reddy: the doctor is in the staff category
Prasad Reddy: table?
Braden Curtis: Um, so I guess um, you do it by you
Braden Curtis: select the patience patience table
Braden Curtis: because you want to get their age and
Braden Curtis: then and they connect it with that
Braden Curtis: foreign key
Pr