also correcting that
Braden Curtis: You create you can
Prasad Reddy: what I mean by that is
Prasad Reddy: if you want to if you want to use you
Prasad Reddy: might pull up the same address from
Prasad Reddy: some other place also, isn't it?
Prasad Reddy: That is a whole idea.
Prasad Reddy: Then it is a
Sai Rakesh Kumar Reddy: hmm
Prasad Reddy: That means then it is a reusable
Prasad Reddy: dependency.
Yashwanth Kotha: Mm-hmm.
Prasad Reddy: If you just add one more longitude
Prasad Reddy: latitude of point, then that is going
Prasad Reddy: to become an issue if a place doesn't
Prasad Reddy: so that address with the GPS
Prasad Reddy: without GPS are going to be the
Prasad Reddy: separate things that we need to call.
Prasad Reddy: Very soon we have to look into
Prasad Reddy: 
Prasad Reddy: programming best
Prasad Reddy: Anyway, you look into the
Prasad Reddy: uair material.
Yashwanth Kotha: Okay, okay.
Prasad Reddy: for the react we don't have to
Prasad Reddy: mention about react version.
Prasad Reddy: React 3.0 material UI 1.7 something
Prasad Reddy: like that.
Yashwanth Kotha: No, Bubba, just react.
Braden Curtis: Um, you have to open the package Json
Braden Curtis: file.
Braden Curtis: There's all the versions.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Braden Curtis: React 8.2.
Yashwanth Kotha: your reactive
Braden Curtis: And the care I believe means it's it
Braden Curtis: supports from 5.14 to 5.15 or
Braden Curtis: whatever.
Yashwanth Kotha: you talk
Braden Curtis: It auto-generated.
Braden Curtis: So if you do Pit you do mpm
Yashwanth Kotha: then
Braden Curtis: package you'll add it to your package
Braden Curtis: Json file.
Braden Curtis: And then when you export this when
Braden Curtis: someone else wants to use this they
Braden Curtis: just have to run npm install.
Braden Curtis: it'll go through the
Braden Curtis: file and install all of the
Braden Curtis: dependencies.
Braden Curtis: And all that goes into
Braden Curtis: node modules is a very
Braden Curtis: that file you don't want
Braden Curtis: other people just because it's
Braden Curtis: So that won't go into say for
Braden Curtis: instance.
Braden Curtis: We
Braden Curtis: bucket.
Braden Curtis: We don't include
Braden Curtis: it takes up more than
Braden Curtis: packages.
Prasad Reddy: the numbers.
Braden Curtis: Yeah, so package.
Braden Curtis: Jason has all of the version numbers
Braden Curtis: in there.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: Now it makes sense.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: So this is similar to your
Prasad Reddy: application registry type of a deal.
Braden Curtis: Yeah, but there's also other other.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Braden Curtis: functions beside other than you know,
Braden Curtis: your Imports or dependencies you have
Braden Curtis: scripts.
Braden Curtis: So if you do npm start it
Braden Curtis: react Dash scripts stay
Braden Curtis: So those
Braden Curtis: kind of stuff, too.
Prasad Reddy: By the way, you see that a package or
Prasad Reddy: lock?
Prasad Reddy: and a packages
Prasad Reddy: Aren't these two essentially are
Prasad Reddy: going to be managed by.
Prasad Reddy: poetry
Braden Curtis: Suppose she has a poetry is gonna
Braden Curtis: have so it's pretty similar so
Braden Curtis: poetry.
Prasad Reddy: It perhaps it does a little bit more
Prasad Reddy: elegantly.
Prasad Reddy: This is probably what this is.
Prasad Reddy: Probably a little bit harder way of
Prasad Reddy: doing it.
Braden Curtis: Um, no necessarily.
Braden Curtis: It's pretty 