was talking to suchandra yashwanth.
Braden Curtis: Could you I mean, could you just like
Braden Curtis: like if you wanted to specify a short
Braden Curtis: version of postgrass you could just
Braden Curtis: do postgres and then the tag for the
Braden Curtis: version.
Prasad Reddy: upgrade upgrade
Prasad Reddy: the postgres
Prasad Reddy: when you
Prasad Reddy: security
Prasad Reddy: have
Prasad Reddy: So
Prasad Reddy: a security purposes, but
Prasad Reddy: But sometimes you may have
Prasad Reddy: functionality also change.
Prasad Reddy: sometimes when you do even in Windows
Prasad Reddy: when you
Prasad Reddy: When you're like, you know update the
Prasad Reddy: softwares.
Prasad Reddy: the relationship
Prasad Reddy: break sometimes.
Prasad Reddy: Okay while you guys are doing.
Prasad Reddy: Are yashwant?
Prasad Reddy: to do a
Prasad Reddy: when will you be able to put some
Prasad Reddy: time to make this
Kotha Yashwanth: things coming up but gonna
Kotha Yashwanth: I did not I did not
Prasad Reddy: hours today?
Kotha Yashwanth: good for five hours today.
Prasad Reddy: Oh, okay.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, what's going on, right?
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Kotha Yashwanth: Just a work for yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, that is okay.
Prasad Reddy: But you know.
Kotha Yashwanth: Yeah.
Kotha Yashwanth: I will.
Prasad Reddy: I just want to give you an update me
Prasad Reddy: and Rakesh.
Prasad Reddy: evaluated I would say about four or
Prasad Reddy: five databases
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: and then I want you guys.
Prasad Reddy: Okay your until you guys are done
Prasad Reddy: with the connecting layer.
Prasad Reddy: One, two, three,
Prasad Reddy: We will not get
Prasad Reddy: into the
Prasad Reddy: I'm going to tell you something
Prasad Reddy: listen just from one side in the
Prasad Reddy: of go through the other side, but
Prasad Reddy: you don't get into get
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: And but I'm going to give you some
Prasad Reddy: progress as to what we have made.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: um
Braden Curtis: Hey.
Prasad Reddy: What are the concepts of databases
Prasad Reddy: that you Nora?
Prasad Reddy: Yashwanth?
Kotha Yashwanth: Like tables private key foreign key.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: Tables columns right?
Prasad Reddy: So these are the entities.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: what other features are there for the
Prasad Reddy: columns private key feature foreign
Prasad Reddy: key feature anything
Kotha Yashwanth: features
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: And the type of the type of the field
Prasad Reddy: column.
Kotha Yashwanth: Type of the data.
Kotha Yashwanth: Yes.
Prasad Reddy: Right, whether it is a date field or
Prasad Reddy: a text field or number field,
Prasad Reddy: whatever things like that right.
Kotha Yashwanth: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: So this basically
Prasad Reddy: you can have multiple columns also
Prasad Reddy: have indexed equally increase the
Prasad Reddy: computation time.
Prasad Reddy: every time that
Prasad Reddy: record if you have
Prasad Reddy: It will
Prasad Reddy: run it.
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: and then
Prasad Reddy: but by even though at the time of
Prasad Reddy: right you are putting effort down
Prasad Reddy: right down the time if you're if
Prasad Reddy: are doing some kind of a complication
Prasad Reddy: it saves you time.
Prasad Reddy: That is a benefit of having an index.
Prasad Reddy: Next step now you have the
Prasad Reddy: 
Prasad Reddy: 