ha Yashwanth: I like this graph.
Kotha Yashwanth: Bye.
Prasad Reddy: This is a very standard graph
Prasad Reddy: everywhere.
Prasad Reddy: They use in the drug companies.
Braden Curtis: Are they so is there practice just in
Braden Curtis: India or is this like a global I
Braden Curtis: guess standard like once they get to
Braden Curtis: phase three they can do it distribute
Braden Curtis: anywhere.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, this is first of all this in
Prasad Reddy: Italian company.
Braden Curtis: All the time, okay.
Prasad Reddy: And the companies Italian company and
Prasad Reddy: the team is basically their
Prasad Reddy: professors in Italian University and
Prasad Reddy: they also have their own
Prasad Reddy: private business.
Prasad Reddy: So they've been doing for four
Prasad Reddy: five years and they basically
Prasad Reddy: two million dollars that they raise
Prasad Reddy: so far.
Prasad Reddy: And what
Prasad Reddy: they have developed.
Prasad Reddy: These
Prasad Reddy: five or six softwares
Prasad Reddy: Remember we're talking about the
Prasad Reddy: docker and all that
Prasad Reddy: station and all that.
Prasad Reddy: So these are all they just
Prasad Reddy: own names, but these are
Prasad Reddy: a
Prasad Reddy: Like, you know, we have
Prasad Reddy: lamps they do both mostly the
Prasad Reddy: this fold and is
Prasad Reddy: They put like on a little bit of
Prasad Reddy: on top of alpha 4.
Prasad Reddy: This is a PubMed research arise.
Prasad Reddy: this is a
Prasad Reddy: like
Prasad Reddy: model based on the
Prasad Reddy: And brivia.
Prasad Reddy: This is a large language model
Prasad Reddy: of the patents all of the
Prasad Reddy: database.
Braden Curtis: Oh, so they say so they trained that
Braden Curtis: based off of their database.
Braden Curtis: Whatever.
Prasad Reddy: correct.
Prasad Reddy: They basically they they created a
Prasad Reddy: large language model.
Prasad Reddy: They created a large language model
Prasad Reddy: on PubMed, which I
Prasad Reddy: conduct
Prasad Reddy: universities and other people will
Prasad Reddy: come on board.
Prasad Reddy: Say for example PubMed.
Prasad Reddy: has lots of millions
Prasad Reddy: articles.
Prasad Reddy: And PubMed
Prasad Reddy: not
Prasad Reddy: words only.
Prasad Reddy: So that's why
Prasad Reddy: a lexical
Prasad Reddy: It just takes
Prasad Reddy: article.
Prasad Reddy: What are all the
Prasad Reddy: And how frequently
Prasad Reddy: appearing in
Prasad Reddy: In some other article based on that
Prasad Reddy: it will
Prasad Reddy: a relationship between
Prasad Reddy: semantic engine takes the meaning
Prasad Reddy: it.
Prasad Reddy: meaning of it just like
Prasad Reddy: mechanisms
Prasad Reddy: models, so they implemented
Prasad Reddy: 
Prasad Reddy: on
Prasad Reddy: what I wanted
Prasad Reddy: done it is
Prasad Reddy: And this needs to be even more
Prasad Reddy: fine-tuned by different people.
Prasad Reddy: So this one is
Prasad Reddy: filing patterns.
Prasad Reddy: first thing that you do is you want
Prasad Reddy: to check if
Prasad Reddy: been done before
Prasad Reddy: for this
Prasad Reddy: the attorneys
Prasad Reddy: They just do like
Prasad Reddy: Google search
Prasad Reddy: They do a patent search that's
Prasad Reddy: already.
Prasad Reddy: That they basically put
Prasad Reddy: search for that.
Braden Curtis: So they instead of using a pan
Braden Curtis: attorney they
Braden Curtis: They use this engine instead.
Prasad Reddy: That's correct.
Prasad Reddy: So these things I kno