 Okay.
Yashwanth Kotha: So I I will complete I have another
Yashwanth Kotha: like two to three weeks.
Yashwanth Kotha: I think to complete those videos, but
Yashwanth Kotha: I want to
Yashwanth Kotha: possible.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yeah.
Yashwanth Kotha: the
Yashwanth Kotha: yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Right.
Prasad Reddy: This is what the customer said you
Prasad Reddy: type or do something and then some
Prasad Reddy: other answers will pop up.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yeah, yes.
Yashwanth Kotha: so there is like
Prasad Reddy: Are you?
Yashwanth Kotha: greeting message right now.
Yashwanth Kotha: But it's mostly like because this
Yashwanth Kotha: position deals with most of the
Yashwanth Kotha: branches like 60 data
Prasad Reddy: right
Yashwanth Kotha: It's important to know the location
Yashwanth Kotha: names.
Yashwanth Kotha: way to direct all those kind of
Yashwanth Kotha: things so
Prasad Reddy: Who's the letter to this that?
Yashwanth Kotha: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Maybe the knowledge base is different
Prasad Reddy: in each location and all that.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yes, and each location they are using
Prasad Reddy: Oh.
Yashwanth Kotha: using different softwares because
Yashwanth Kotha: Data Bank is acquiring data centers.
Prasad Reddy: Over Japan.
Prasad Reddy: What is how is this going to help
Prasad Reddy: you?
Yashwanth Kotha: one is remote by
Prasad Reddy: So, I don't know how important
Yashwanth Kotha: second thing is
Prasad Reddy: for you is.
Prasad Reddy: you see you not my take on this is
Prasad Reddy: you have a software engineering
Prasad Reddy: degree from us.
Prasad Reddy: right
Prasad Reddy: the high paying job
Prasad Reddy: something in the software
Prasad Reddy: engineering.
Prasad Reddy: there are limitations if you claim
Prasad Reddy: that
Prasad Reddy: to learn from other
Prasad Reddy: Nobody wants to in the
Prasad Reddy: market.
Prasad Reddy: Nobody is willing to
Prasad Reddy: You know put their time and money.
Prasad Reddy: train somebody.
Prasad Reddy: why
Prasad Reddy: trim people.
Prasad Reddy: whereas if you clean that you
Prasad Reddy: y z
Prasad Reddy: cutting
Prasad Reddy: will take it.
Prasad Reddy: because what if that
Prasad Reddy: to give you a little bit more time
Prasad Reddy: relax and then just, you know
Prasad Reddy: lazy.
Prasad Reddy: or go on
Prasad Reddy: then engage more
Prasad Reddy: work time.
Prasad Reddy: Because if the money is about
Prasad Reddy: same.
Prasad Reddy: and this is not going to be
Prasad Reddy: like a network one.
Prasad Reddy: three is not
Prasad Reddy: Shouldn't you be working on what we
Prasad Reddy: are doing right now like an awful
Prasad Reddy: stack developer
Prasad Reddy: into an ml.
Prasad Reddy: Inference whatever it is.
Prasad Reddy: Those
Prasad Reddy: more than
Prasad Reddy: more and more on the
Prasad Reddy: That is what I'm thinking what you
Prasad Reddy: should be doing.
Prasad Reddy: Anyway, I mean
Prasad Reddy: of any better?
Prasad Reddy: little bit
Yashwanth Kotha: yeah and 10% more.
Prasad Reddy: Huh?
Prasad Reddy: That is not see but that is not
Prasad Reddy: something to really worry about it.
Yashwanth Kotha: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: right
Prasad Reddy: Anyway, we'll talk about this later.
Prasad Reddy: guys
Prasad Reddy: that was?
Prasad Reddy: that was kind of
Prasad Reddy: and this opening it up.
Braden Curtis: So mean yacht in your supposed to
Braden Curtis: research on poetry.
Prasad Reddy: Right and on before that.
Prasad Reddy: I did mention about read the database
Prasa