: the
Prasad Reddy: Along along with me and I will be
Prasad Reddy: kind of know I touch base only like
Prasad Reddy: no the basics of that database and
Prasad Reddy: I'm going to same repeat the same
Prasad Reddy: things tomorrow one more time.
Prasad Reddy: And then we're already working on the
Prasad Reddy: database design
Prasad Reddy: By the way.
Prasad Reddy: We have created already some.
Prasad Reddy: tables and all that, you know, we
Prasad Reddy: already created about 20 tables.
Braden Curtis: um, and then so when we're setting up
Braden Curtis: the image, do you do you want us to
Braden Curtis: configure a volume or
Braden Curtis: I guess somewhere, okay.
Prasad Reddy: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: You can create a volume.
Prasad Reddy: That's not a big deal.
Braden Curtis: All right, because I'm not super
Braden Curtis: familiar with that.
Braden Curtis: So I'll do.
Kotha Yashwanth: here this is what we will do by
Kotha Yashwanth: Braden and I connect and work for one
Prasad Reddy: Okay.
Kotha Yashwanth: hour one and a half hour.
Kotha Yashwanth: We will both start, you know at the
Kotha Yashwanth: same time and work one and of our and
Kotha Yashwanth: then once we have
Kotha Yashwanth: will
Prasad Reddy: yashwanth yashwanth
Prasad Reddy: I want you guys to be in touch with
Prasad Reddy: me when you're working so that you
Prasad Reddy: don't waste too much time.
Prasad Reddy: I don't want to interfere
Prasad Reddy: micromanage, but
Prasad Reddy: I
Prasad Reddy: that you guys
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: so
Prasad Reddy: Persistent volume creation.
Prasad Reddy: It should not take more than couple
Prasad Reddy: minutes.
Prasad Reddy: If you have any problem I can I can
Prasad Reddy: show you which screen so that you
Prasad Reddy: don't spend the whole day
Prasad Reddy: what is a persistent
Prasad Reddy: 
Prasad Reddy: the silly things there is no point
Prasad Reddy: 
Kotha Yashwanth: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so but what I need is okay, you
Prasad Reddy: guys are working on for a couple of
Prasad Reddy: hours.
Prasad Reddy: yeah, and
Kotha Yashwanth: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: good news.
Prasad Reddy: We got a very good customer.
Kotha Yashwanth: nice
Prasad Reddy: So this is a company that got a two
Prasad Reddy: million dollar funding.
Prasad Reddy: This guy is a professor in Italy.
Prasad Reddy: So they are you there they
Prasad Reddy: drug Discovery platform.
Prasad Reddy: in Italy
Prasad Reddy: and they are spending most of their
Prasad Reddy: time.
Prasad Reddy: done on
Braden Curtis: expensive
Prasad Reddy: That's very expensive.
Prasad Reddy: So they are interested.
Prasad Reddy: Not only coming to our side.
Prasad Reddy: They are also interested in.
Prasad Reddy: promoting and bringing other
Prasad Reddy: customers
Prasad Reddy: whatever that we are hoping to get
Prasad Reddy: from.
Prasad Reddy: What is that
Prasad Reddy: So this company has
Prasad Reddy: patterns and four.
Prasad Reddy: four drugs
Prasad Reddy: This is the
Prasad Reddy: They have good number of people.
Prasad Reddy: the scientific
Prasad Reddy: R&D
Braden Curtis: does
Braden Curtis: kind of I guess what kind of
Braden Curtis: drugs today produce
Braden Curtis: It's pretty cool.
Prasad Reddy: glioblastoma, they're in Phase 2
Prasad Reddy: breast cancer there in phase one
Prasad Reddy: So this is preclinical and Discovery.
Prasad Reddy: These are all.
Prasad Reddy: At the lab level and
Prasad Reddy: level this first
Prasad Reddy: phase
Prasad Reddy: the
Kot