asad Reddy: correctly
Prasad Reddy: So what you do is you take the
Prasad Reddy: patient records table.
Prasad Reddy: And you join the staff and you join
Prasad Reddy: the patients to that?
Prasad Reddy: some kind of inner join
Prasad Reddy: and combining the
Prasad Reddy: patient records.
Prasad Reddy: All three tables combined
Prasad Reddy: one table.
Kotha Yashwanth: we will we have all the columns in
Kotha Yashwanth: all three Tables by or
Kotha Yashwanth: only
Prasad Reddy: You you when you do the join in the
Prasad Reddy: patient for example patient has a
Prasad Reddy: column called a shoe size and they
Prasad Reddy: have a blood group is that is it
Prasad Reddy: necessary for us?
Kotha Yashwanth: No.
Prasad Reddy: But we do need to know the patient's
Prasad Reddy: age.
Kotha Yashwanth: Correct.
Prasad Reddy: So we take the patient's age column
Prasad Reddy: and we basically join that to the
Prasad Reddy: patient records.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: And then similarly and that is at the
Prasad Reddy: very match and the patient ID because
Prasad Reddy: the patient ID is there in both
Prasad Reddy: tables.
Prasad Reddy: Similarly, you basically take the
Prasad Reddy: staff.
Prasad Reddy: And the patient records
Prasad Reddy: at the
Prasad Reddy: right
Prasad Reddy: and once you have the staff ID
Prasad Reddy: joining what will happen?
Prasad Reddy: You basically got in
Prasad Reddy: that is combining these
Prasad Reddy: components that is
Prasad Reddy: temporary table.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: This is also called a flat table
Prasad Reddy: because it does not have any
Prasad Reddy: hierarchy, right?
Prasad Reddy: here in the childhood type
Prasad Reddy: relationship
Prasad Reddy: so in
Prasad Reddy: always creating a flat
Prasad Reddy: When you're joining that process is
Prasad Reddy: also called creating a flatness.
Prasad Reddy: Is called
Prasad Reddy: It is opposite of
Braden Curtis: So just you just have all the raw
Braden Curtis: data in one table.
Prasad Reddy: That is correct.
Prasad Reddy: But this why do you keep it as a
Prasad Reddy: temporary tomorrow?
Prasad Reddy: You have a question?
Prasad Reddy: the doctor
Prasad Reddy: he's seeing more male patients
Prasad Reddy: female patients.
Prasad Reddy: Now
Prasad Reddy: question right now.
Prasad Reddy: You're
Prasad Reddy: differently, right?
Kotha Yashwanth: I no need table by I know the answer.
Kotha Yashwanth: 
Kotha Yashwanth: 
Prasad Reddy: you you don't need the table you just
Prasad Reddy: 
Braden Curtis: Those are too well.
Prasad Reddy: okay.
Prasad Reddy: So here you because for a different
Prasad Reddy: question you're going to join them in
Prasad Reddy: a different way than you will have
Prasad Reddy: another
Prasad Reddy: That is why those
Prasad Reddy: temporary table for
Prasad Reddy: analysis.
Kotha Yashwanth: Is there any time limit how long they
Kotha Yashwanth: will be there or?
Prasad Reddy: They will say those are nothing but a
Prasad Reddy: regular tables only and if you want
Prasad Reddy: to keep them it they will stay like a
Prasad Reddy: collector.
Prasad Reddy: but if you don't want
Prasad Reddy: just delete them after the analysis
Prasad Reddy: is done.
Braden Curtis: so I guess
Prasad Reddy: Suppose if your database has got a
Prasad Reddy: hundred tables from time to time.
Prasad Reddy: You might do 10 20, but if you just
Prasad Reddy: leave it if you don't delete those
Prasad Reddy: temporary tables.
P