w these things
Prasad Reddy: and they basically put that idea but
Prasad Reddy: they did not put a lot of see if they
Prasad Reddy: only got 1.9 million.
Prasad Reddy: Let us
Prasad Reddy: They must have
Prasad Reddy: million dollars on on
Prasad Reddy: They just put some logic
Prasad Reddy: have done a little bit not a lot of
Prasad Reddy: training.
Prasad Reddy: if you put like a million dollars
Prasad Reddy: worth of training then your product
Prasad Reddy: is going to become smarter.
Braden Curtis: So when you say like when they put
Braden Curtis: like the resources of like using gpus
Braden Curtis: and stuff like that
Prasad Reddy: That is correct.
Prasad Reddy: Because if you got only two million
Prasad Reddy: dollars.
Prasad Reddy: I can get if I sell at AWS pricing
Prasad Reddy: more than even after a discount.
Prasad Reddy: We'll get one and a half million
Prasad Reddy: dollars per month in our computers.
Braden Curtis: Oh wow.
Prasad Reddy: AWS prices ridiculously high
Prasad Reddy: So that's where you know, I give a
Prasad Reddy: discount.
Prasad Reddy: I'll make tons of money.
Prasad Reddy: That's what I'm saying.
Prasad Reddy: This is going to be
Prasad Reddy: working on this vision
Prasad Reddy: My goal is quickly
Prasad Reddy: and then come back to AI again.
Prasad Reddy: come back to AI because
Prasad Reddy: software is not going to give you
Prasad Reddy: money or give me money.
Prasad Reddy: It basically gives them
Prasad Reddy: I'm going to be getting you know,
Prasad Reddy: like
Prasad Reddy: work done in the India.
Prasad Reddy: But we need to finish this thing
Prasad Reddy: quickly and then move to
Prasad Reddy: step.
Prasad Reddy: and whatever is the vision
Prasad Reddy: that you guys have left maybe
Prasad Reddy: of three four of you.
Prasad Reddy: Just one
Prasad Reddy: one person is
Prasad Reddy: with the next team.
Prasad Reddy: So for example Rakesh
Prasad Reddy: and then
Prasad Reddy: like a four other people who are
Prasad Reddy: going to come
Prasad Reddy: two months so that the software
Prasad Reddy: continue to dial up or we can put
Prasad Reddy: this thing in into the maintenance
Prasad Reddy: mode on
Prasad Reddy: Until we conduct like
Prasad Reddy: class, you know, like we have
Prasad Reddy: not finished the product.
Prasad Reddy: We need to finish
Prasad Reddy: three weeks.
Prasad Reddy: And then we need to wait for some
Prasad Reddy: kind of
Prasad Reddy: like a usage
Prasad Reddy: input.
Prasad Reddy: because
Prasad Reddy: as imagining
Prasad Reddy: some something what happens on the
Prasad Reddy: street?
Prasad Reddy: is
Prasad Reddy: Okay, so
Prasad Reddy: you may have issues
Prasad Reddy: guacamole that you need to fix that
Prasad Reddy: one.
Prasad Reddy: You know how to add a
Prasad Reddy: Hello.
Braden Curtis: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Yeah.
Prasad Reddy: Yes friend, if you are having a
Prasad Reddy: problem with the guacamole to connect
Prasad Reddy: to a machine, how do you anticipate
Prasad Reddy: to solve that?
Kotha Yashwanth: mmm
Prasad Reddy: If it is not working, it's mostly SSH
Prasad Reddy: key.
Prasad Reddy: So the way that you do is I already
Prasad Reddy: gave you
Prasad Reddy: if there is any problem.
Prasad Reddy: all
Prasad Reddy: one or two nodes from the
Kotha Yashwanth: Okay.
Prasad Reddy: or
Prasad Reddy: one or two machines
Prasad Reddy: which we have added but they are not
Prasad Reddy: part of the kubernetes.
Prasad Reddy: For example, you know, they're in B2
Prasad Reddy: or 